I dream of you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Kissing you.
Holding you.
The feel of your skin against mine.
I love you.
Yeah. I feel lucky.
It's... It's a dream job.
I get to travel and... and meet new people.
- Great uniform.
- Maybe the cravat and skirt's a bit much.
But... I don't know. maybe. I think.
it makes people feel reassured.
and... yeah. it's nice...
it's nice to look nice.
That's exactly why I work out so much.
You know. it's... it's not for me.
It's for everyone else.
Trying to make the world a better place.
Can I get you anything else?
Um. yeah. Um...
What do you think I should get?
I think I have a bottle of cachaça
at mine. if you want it.
I'll get your bill.
Cachaça? Sounds great.
Give me two minutes.
And then let's go.
Um...
how many calories are in cachaça?
Hi.
Hey.
I got your text.
Don't pick up blokes at the gym.
That's the lesson.
I thought our mutual love of flaxseed
was a good sign.
Okay. new rule.
Next one of us who cancels
dinner with the girls gets booed.
Boo!
I can't believe...
Kat. you're never gonna believe...
Guys. I gotta go.
Stop!
I'm sorry!
How could you do this?
Tell me how many times.
How many times?
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
You got his femoral artery.
He's got four. five minutes tops.
She's been lying. Cheating.
Hiding things from me.
People... People do that.
And it sucks. All right? I get... I get it.
How you feel.
I know what it's like
to have so much anger inside of you.
you could tear the whole world apart.
And letting it out
feels good for a second.
but it's just gonna make everything worse.
All right? So just calm down.
Put the knife on the floor
and kick it towards me.
You police?
What you doing?
Get a tourniquet
and pressure on that wound.
Get the leg high.
- Now!
- All right.
Do you need help?
I'm Detective Inspector Kat Donovan.
Call 999. Tell them I'm here.
I thought you said
you were an air hostess.
I do like to travel.
- Morning. Fi.
- Morning.
Thank you.
Morning.
- How's the exam prep going?
- I'll be after your job next week.
Right. this is. Rishi Magari.
Forty-two. widower. lecturer.
head of the neuroscience department
at the university.
Missed work. not answering his calls.
and no one has heard from him
since he left work on Friday.
- They checked his house yet?
- Sent someone round. There's no answer.
They're waiting
to speak to the neighbors now.
- Kat.
- Yes?
You know you keep going on
about how I owe you a Christmas present?
- Got a surprise for you.
- Pink fluffy handcuffs again?
Not quite.
Everyone. this is Charlie Pitts.
our new digital media analyst.
DI Kat Donovan.
Head of the Missing Persons Unit.
Kat's the best there is.
You'll learn a lot from her.
Charlie's a tech whiz.
We're lucky to have him.
Well. good luck.
Kat's never met
the computer she can't crash.
Play nice. Got a second?
So. which one's mine?
- Kat's allergic to tidying up.
- Right.
- Do you live like this at home?
- I have a cleaner.
Refusing to tidy up in the 21st century
is a bold act of feminism.
- Do you want a tea?
- How very liberated.
You can make your own.
N... Y-yes. actually.
That... That'd be lovely.
Sorry.
fluffy handcuffs?
Yeah. She's a strange one.
Right.
Interesting. aren't I?
Here's your tea.
I... Sorry.
We just got a lead
on Rishi Magari's car.
Great. Let's go. I'll drive.
Don't worry. We'll wait for you.
No problem.
Do you... Okay.
I'm really sorry about earlier.
Don't worry. Everyone googles
their boss on their first day.
Boot's locked.
Move back.
No obvious signs of an accident.
It's a good place to dump a body.
- No CCTV. no passing traffic.
- I'll call forensics. Get us in.
That'll take hours.
I've got a better way in.
The car's in lockdown.
but I can bypass it.
I'm in the system.
Yeah. I've got this handy bit of software
that's still in development
at covert policing.
Boot should be unlocked now.
Well done. new boy.
Breathing in through the nose...
and out through the mouth.
You mean you still went home
with cachaça boy?
Would've been rude to say no.
Kat. when was the last time you hooked up
with somebody you actually liked?
What about that app
I signed you up with. Melody Cupid?
- I don't need an app to get laid.
- No. no. it's not like that.
It's... It's all about finding
meaningful relationships.
Someone you can really connect with.
They match you by your music taste.
- Did you check your matches?
- I didn't look at the results.
- Give me your phone.
- Never.
You do realize breaking into
a police officer's phone is a crime?
And how do you know my passcode?
I'm a private investigator.
It's easy.
Maybe it's time you tried something new.
Music is the window
to our soul.
Melody Cupid has used an algorithm
developed with psychologists
to analyze your musical tastes
to find potential matches.
Melody Cupid keeps the tempo
of your relationship fast.
Once you view your matches.
you have 48 hours
to decide what happens next.
Harmonize or Mute?
Hell no.
No. No. No.
Hey!
If I don't eat my body weight
in pasta in the next 30 seconds.
I'm pretty sure I'll die.
Please tell me it's ready.
Josh?
The number you have called
is not recognized.
Please check the number and dial again.
The number you have called
is not recognized.
Please check the number and dial again.
I love you.
I haven't heard from Josh
in 11 years.
One second we're engaged.
the next he walks out.
His phone stops working. He's just gone.
Like we didn't even exist.
This isn't an old photo.
This is Josh now. He's back.
Okay. no. no. no. no. no.
We do not get on the ex bus. okay?
Nothing good ever comes
from getting on the ex bus.
"Widower."
You can't talk to him. Okay?
As long as I've known you.
you've barely been able to say his name.
He hurt you. badly.
He left you when you were grieving.
Stacey. I got over him a long time ago.
No. you shut yourself down
and turned off love
like it was a hate crime.
Big difference. Delete your profile.
Turn off your phone.
Throw the whole damn thing
in a river if you have to.
Just do not contact him.
Move forwards. not backwards.
Let Josh stay gone.
Promise me.
Finally!
Ooh. wow. Thank you.
Heya.
Kat. you've got to try this.
The man's a genius.
He's made me a heart-chakra cocktail
that boosts my positive energy.
Gosh. that's nice.
So Stacey signed me up to this dating app.
And the prospect of finding true love
is making us lose our minds because...?
Because of this.
That's who I match with.
And look. he's a widower.
Have you spoke to him?
No.
Not yet.
- Bugger. Stagger needs me.
- What you gonna do about Josh?
I don't know yet. Haven't heard anything
for 11 years. and then...
I don't know.
I'll be back.
You okay?
Mum sending you too many articles
about walnuts being good
for prostates again?
I've had to block her now.
No. there's something else
that I... I wanted to talk to you about.
Hestall Prison called the super.
Monte Leburne's cancer is back.
It's terminal this time.
There's no easy way to say it.
How long does he have?
- A few days. maybe.
- My God.
My God.
- They should've told us earlier.
- Well. they're telling us now.
This is good. Kat.
The man is a waste of air.
No. it's not good. He is the only one
that can tell us what actually happened.
- He is not gonna talk to us.
- He has to!
We still don't know why he killed my dad.
He does not get to die
without telling me everything.
He did it
because Calligan paid him. You know that.
But why?
- Can you get me in?
- You have made this request so many times.
People have been trying to get Leburne
to open up for a decade.
I'm not just "people."
I'm saying if I could talk to him--
Sorry. Kat. He'll be gone in a few days.
You need to let this go.
I just need to know why.
Pushing at this door
is not gonna bring your father back.
I am really sorry.
You're about to give me
some advice. aren't you?
Advice.
Relationships are never 50-50.
Sometimes they're 60-40. 80-20.
Sometimes in your favor.
sometimes in your partner's.
Embrace that.
Never give up.
Mum?
- He's dead!
- Dead?
- From a stiff back.
- Anything else?
- Was it his liver?
- No!
- Herpes!
- Yes!
That's when you get all blisters.
Darling!
- Hi. Mama.
- What are you doing here. sweetheart?
I didn't know you were coming.
- Hey. hey.
- Hello.
You all right. my darling?
I'm telling you. STDs in the over-sixties.
they're on the rise.
What have I walked into? What?
Because of the men. the dirty men.
having it away with all them young things.
And let me tell you.
yeah. those baby girls.
they shave everything.
Makes it easy for the germs to get about.
- Long live the bush!
- Yes. up the bush!
Long live the bush!
Thank you.
Try this. It's good.
- The church sent a WhatsApp.
- About shaving your noo-nah?
- Behave!
- About being safe when dating.
The pastor's sister.
- She met a nice man online.
- Really?
She brought him to Bible group twice.
Two weeks later.
he tried to steal her car.
- Stop it.
- What?!
It's true!
- Men?
So. Kat.
You got someone new on the go?
That question.
These girls these days.
it's like they're married to their jobs.
My cousin's son...
Don't need a set-up. Auntie.
...is a social worker.
He feels he really makes a difference.
you know?
It's a good. honest job.
You'd be a good social worker.
If you were ever thinking about
a change of career. you could call him.
I'm... I'm happy where I am.
Are you?
Yes.
All right. Who wants another drink?
- Yeah!
- Yeah. me!
Make mine a triple-dipple. please.
I need to... I need to tell you something.
What's happened?
Monte Leburne's cancer's back.
He's gonna be dead in a few days.
Good.
I've been praying he would die.
Painfully.
Finally. someone up there's
done right by us.
- I think I can get him to talk to me.
- Don't you dare.
He's a devil in human skin.
I've got nothing to say to him.
and neither do you.
He doesn't get my hate or my anger.
He doesn't get anything from us.
He doesn't exist.
Look. love. we can't change the past.
no matter how much we want to.
So please. just stay away from him. Just...
For me?
In other news. Josh is back.
Josh? He's back?
Yep. Well. kind of. Online.
I found him on a dating app.
Or he found me. or however it works.
And how do we feel about that?
I don't know. Mum. I don't know.
I usually know exactly what to do.
but this one. I just...
I can't figure it out.
Should I talk to him?
If you think it's gonna help you.
then yeah. talk to him.
But be careful. love.
- Hi. Charlie.
- Hi.
Have you got something?
I got hold
of Rishi's email address from his sister.
and it's come up in a few data breaches.
Looks like he signed up
to a number of sites.
including this hotel site
at the beginning of the year.
Doesn't use it much. but he liked
this review of a cottage a few weeks ago.
Where is it?
It's two miles
from where we found his car.
I've already contacted the owner
to see if he made any bookings.
Okay. great. That's good work.
Keep me posted. all right?
- Yeah. will do. Bye.
- Bye.
Is this him?
The man who killed my dad.
Monte Leburne. professional hitman.
And after he's convicted
for two other murders.
he suddenly confesses to killing my dad.
and I've never understood why.
If I could just get in
and talk to Leburne.
I could find out
why Calligan wanted my dad dead.
No matter how many times I ask.
he just won't see me.
So maybe stop asking.
I'm just saying. if you really wanted
to see Leburne in prison.
there are other ways
we can make that happen.
What kind of ways?
I have a client
who works at the prison.
She might be able to help.
I'll give her a call.
You know you've never actually opened up
about this stuff before.
Since we're sharing.
what did you decide about Josh?
I matched with him.
So just need him to confirm the match.
I know what you're gonna say--
No. I'm not in the judging business.
Please! You're. like.
the judgiest person I know.
True.
I just think
when someone tells you who they are.
you should listen.
Josh didn't just leave.
He chose to take
the extreme ghosting option
when you were at your lowest
after your dad died.
That's not right.
Just... be careful.
Yeah. come on!
Okay.
Right.
Okay. I see what you mean.
Scented volcanic ash.
He said something about citrus smells
improving office productivity.
I don't get this generation at all.
You want a brew?
- No. I'm all right. Thank you.
- All right.
No. that's. um...
No. no. that's great. Thank you. Thanks.
Um...
So I... I got hold of the owner
of the cottage.
She confirmed that Rishi made a booking
for last Friday.
Okay. Tell Nia to meet me there.
Rishi!
No. no. no. no. No. no. no. no.
Morning. What have you got?
Stagger's been chasing me
for an update.
Okay. Let's see what we find here.
Hello?
Find anything?
Owner says Rishi booked
for two guests a week ago.
Neighbor says he was alone.
So someone was meeting him here.
Okay. Thanks.
Kat. forensics have found
some dents in the back door.
Could be a sign of a struggle.
Could be nothing.
They're just checking it out now.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. It's just. um...
Look. I'll wait until the forensics
are done if you need to go.
Thank you.
I'll call you if there's anything.
Hi.
- Couldn't have dressed up a bit?
- I'm working.
So am I.
Still knew where the lippy was.
Yeah. Um. his wife chose it.
Apparently. he is the sort of cheater
that cannot resist a woman in white.
So here I am.
ready to lure him in
with my private-investigator charms.
Fascinating.
Entrapment might be off-limits
for you guys. but
people have a right
to know who they're dealing with.
I'm like a public service.
You're right. You deserve a badge.
So. you can get me in to see Leburne?
I'll call you in 20.
Let me lock down a lunch date with this
one. and I will take you to my contact.
- All you need is 20 minutes?
- Please.
In this dress. I could do it in ten.
Shoo! Gotta keep my clients happy.
What's that?
Third cheater nailed this week?
A good week for business.
less so for happy marriages.
So come on. then.
Who's... Who's the contact?
Prison officer called Tamsin.
Loves a wedding.
but has very questionable taste.
Is currently on
cheating husband number three.
How's it gonna work?
He's in the hospital wing.
Access is definitely gonna be restricted.
Which is why I've offered her
the premium service
next time she wants to check
her boy's loyalty.
What's the premium service?
Photos. videos. emails.
All for the bargain price
of "Thank you for helping my friend."
You sure you wanna do this?
You got ten minutes.
He's in here.
Tamsin. you know the rules.
Mr. Leburne has requested no visitors.
Detective Kat Donovan.
Leburne killed my father.
You here to see him suffer?
I have questions for him.
Yeah. I can take over from here.
He's in and out.
Monte.
There's someone here to see you.
Remember Clint Donovan.
the man you murdered?
It's his daughter.
Do you think
you could give us some privacy?
No. dear. I can't.
We do follow some rules here.
Monte.
Bless.
Daddy's little girl's come
to slay the big bad wolf.
What do you wanna know?
What Daddy looked like when he was dying?
How he begged me to save him
as he slowly bled to death?
You know. he squealed.
He squealed like a little pig.
Why did you do it?
Who wanted him dead?
It was Calligan. wasn't it?
I know you worked for him.
What. are you hoping for
a deathbed confession?
There's no reason
not to tell the truth now.
Sure there is.
The moment you die.
I will arrest Calligan.
I will say you ratted him out
and told me everything.
It's a nice try.
You don't think I'll do it?
I don't know what you'll do.
I just know no one will believe it.
This is who you took from me.
Just tell me why.
Okay.
Ha!
You'll never... know the truth.
Look at that sad little face.
That's your final gift to me. Thank you.
Just tell me.
Just. please. just tell me why.
- That's all I'm asking.
- Don't beg.
That's what he wants.
Men like him do what they do
'cause it's the only way
they can feel powerful.
Don't give him that.
They're all so selfish.
These vile. angry little men.
No real remorse. Any of them.
In the end. he can't help who he is.
Just someone who gets off
on causing heartbreak and misery.
Back in the day. when I was a midwife.
I used to use morphine and scopolamine
as anesthesia
on mothers giving birth. you know?
One shot of this.
and they chatter and blabber away.
Confessing to all sorts.
Husband's pacing up and down outside
whilst the mother's lying on her back.
knees up in the air.
telling us it's not his.
It's hard to keep the lies up
when you're high as a kite.
I want to help.
Yeah.
I thought a double dose would be best.
He won't stay awake long.
Angie.
It's his sister.
Dying. Angie.
- I'm dying.
- I know.
I love you.
It's nice to see you.
I did it all for you.
I'm grateful. Um...
I just need your help. Monte.
to understand.
Yeah.
Why... why did you do it?
Why did you kill Clint Donovan?
- What?
- The policeman.
- What are you on about?
- Why were you paid to kill him?
No. Angie.
That's not true.
I wasn't paid to kill him.
I was paid to take the fall.
I was already fucked.
No.
No. they found the weapon in your house.
You confessed. Do you remember?
You killed people. didn't you?
- Yeah.
I got a fair few under the belt.
They got me for two of 'em.
That's why I took the rap.
I was already doing life.
No. you s...
You said that you killed Clint Donovan.
You killed him. You said that.
Listen to me.
We made a deal.
In return. I sold a lie.
What?
But I didn't do it.
I didn't kill him.
Isn't that beautiful?
It's our last little bit of fun.
It's good to see ya.
Who di...
Monte. who did it?
If you didn't do it. who did it?
Monte. who killed my dad?
Monte!
It's over.
I'm sorry.
- Yeah. hello?
- I've got something important to tell you.
What is it?
I asked Tamsin. the prison officer.
to give me everything she had
on Monte Leburne.
Logs. observations. who he'd seen.
And?
And I've seen Monte's visitor list.
Stacey. please just tell me.
Josh is on it.
Wait. what are you saying?
Josh visited Monte in prison.
The day before he left you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm